Improved offline installation steps (#6686)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deployment-options/offline-installation.rst

Download the packages and configuration files
---------------------------------------------

> #. Run the following commands with your choice and execute them from a Linux system with Internet connection. This action executes a script that downloads all required files for the offline installation on x86_64 architectures.

Reviewer: Suggestion for:
>`Run the following commands with your choice and execute them from a Linux system with Internet connection`

Change it to: 
> `Run the following commands with your choice from a Linux system with Internet connection`

Author: Done in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6686/commits/bae4dcc84a08e98181f4c81dcb125d83cc0c0596.

   .. code-block:: console

      # curl -sO https://packages.wazuh.com/|WAZUH_CURRENT_MINOR|/wazuh-install.sh
      # chmod 744 wazuh-install.sh
    

>    If your system is RPM-based, run the following command:

Reviewer: We can change this section to use tabs for RPM and Debian options.

Author: Done in https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6686/commits/bae4dcc84a08e98181f4c81dcb125d83cc0c0596.

Download the packages and configuration files
---------------------------------------------

> #. Run the following commands with your choice from a Linux system with Internet connection. This action executes a script that downloads all required files for the offline installation on x86_64 architectures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Run the following commands from any Linux system with Internet connection. This action executes a script that downloads all required files for the offline installation on x86_64 architectures. Select the package format to download.
```
